Sun Lianchen, you can't even watch a trash
The lock on the basement door was broken
What? Did I meet the hardware pipe?
That is, I react quickly
Let the security hold him back, or we'll at least get his money first
After that, it doesn't matter if he knows I'm fake.
Then you go to Jiangcheng Sun's house
At that time, even if he Wu Jingguo wants to turn his back
It can't suppress the local snake of the Sun family
Oops daughter-in-law you are awesome
It has to be you, you are the best
Good daughter-in-law, you have worked hard
Have a drink of water
The head of the Sun family, a wealthy family in Jiangcheng, called me
Pick it up
Hey, old master, yes
I am Sun Tiancheng
Ah, I am, I am cooperating with Wang Yun.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, okay, okay, okay.
Don't worry.
Hey, okay, okay, hey.
Mom
The head of the Sun family asked us to return
Sold me to the city owner
That's great, that's great.
Daughter-in-law
You were amazing.
In the early morning, I will treat Song Wu better in the future
Or I'll break your legs
For sure?
Hey, by the way, Wu Jinguo mentioned the jade pendant to me again.
He mentioned it to me yesterday.
But I was so excited to get the money that I forgot
I heard what he meant was that his daughter had a jade pendant on her.
Is there any candy?
jade pendant
Hey
He seems to have been wearing a jade pendant all the time
It seemed important to him.
Only this jade pendant appeared
Only then can the doubts of the hardware country be completely dispelled
Then he must be wearing that jade pendant
It's over. It's over.
What to play
Hurry up and get Tang Wu back
Grab the jade pendant on him
We should be cautious before the jade pendant appears.
Find a few people to stay by my side these days
As soon as Tang Wu appears, immediately hold him down
Then I quickly transferred all the assets of Hardware Nation
Don't worry, I won't let Tom meet Wu Jingguo
I'd like to find out how this Tom got out